---
title: 5/3/94 - Antioch, TN
layout: post
---

5/3/94, Antioch, TN, Starwood Amphitheater. Presumably they let them play on the real stage this time, not back by the concessions?

5/3/94: Last time at Starwood was 7/30/93, where they played “The Veranda,” helpfully illustrated by @KernelForbin: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/24200997940/veranda-indicated-by-red-box-photo-illustration …

5/3/94: This would be the first outdoor shed show of ’94 then, and comes 8 days after playing the other side of TN. A loose Rift opens.

5/3/94: This is a very fine sounding SBD, and it’s accentuating the new, more textural approach to Maze. Organ scampers, paintbrush drones.

5/3/94: Brave to play another Starwood Stash after the brilliant ‘93 version, but this one has a nice major/minor alternating stretch.

5/3/94: Trey thanks Hank Williams Jr. for letting them use lights and equipment…a joke? Quick, growly “All My Rowdy Friends” from Fish.

5/3/94: Oh wait, @phishnet’s got all the details: http://phish.net/setlists/?d=1994-05-03 … Scheduled for The Veranda again, but moved due to rain.

5/3/94: I’m guessing Hank Williams Jr.’s light setup is a little less impressive than Kuroda’s. Probably not going to hear 2001 tonight.

5/3/94: Coil and pre-duel Mule means two Page solos in a row, though he keeps the latter one very short.

5/3/94: A weird hissing effect (a la Steam) intrudes upon Sample’s bridge, automatically making it the most interesting version this week.

5/3/94: Wow that is a really long “Black or White” tease in the Bowie intro. Oh and the “Sunshine of Your/My Love/Life” mashup!

5/3/94: Bowie jam proper starts out willfully disorienting with a ghastly Trey lick, then rides a more typical gallop to the finish. Brisk.

5/3/94: Hey, Alison Krauss is there for If I Could. Funny to hear a polished singer with them outside of a studio.

5/3/94: Fluffhead started just as I saw this tweet, swear to gawd. RT @CraigSJ: #IStandWithPhil pic.twitter.com/e8cH0FjmU2

5/3/94: More “Write It Down!” chatter in the Disease intro, as with 4/25 and 4/26. Does anyone know what the deal was with that?

5/3/94: Nice banter before Harpua. Fish starts drums, Trey yells “that’s not how it starts.” “It’s been a while since we played this song.”

5/3/94: It has, in fact, been 34 shows since the last Harpua, which was the Red Rocks Iguana version.

5/3/94: Harpua narration set in the “jungles of New Jersey” (w/ “I Wanna Be Like You” teases from Page).

5/3/94: I must have had this Harpua as filler on an old tape somewhere…I remember the Cream/Stevie Wonder mashup in this context vs. Bowie.

5/3/94: No vacuum for “I Wanna Be Like You,” just scat-singing instead, which is kind of like an unplugged vacuum solo, I suppose.

5/3/94: Remarkable ambient section launches the Slave jam. Poignant Mike solo over feedback chirps. 1st Slave since return to break form.

5/3/94: Nellie Kane is an appropriately Nashville encore, while Fire is…less so. Unless I’m unaware of Jimi’s country phase.

5/3/94 Final: Still not going deep, but an iconic Harpua and a magnificent Slave make for good value. Wonder if Hank Jr. was impressed. 