---
title: 5/2/94 - Birmingham, AL
layout: default
---

Into a new month with 5/2/94, Birmingham, AL, Five Points South Music Hall. Banjos playing through the broken glass. http://www.phishtracks.com/shows/1994-05-02 …

5/2/94: Ha, this show seriously *opens* with Great Gig in the Sky? OK!

5/2/94: Trying to think of another show that opened with a Fish song, and can’t. Anyone?

5/2/94: Ah right, there were a handful of Lengthwise openers in ’93. Thx @therealburnham @themole316 @ericsandy

5/2/94: After the Great Gig opener, things quickly get very serious with a violent runaway train of a Melt. Then Bouncin’ for an exhale.

RT @nolasox3: With disco ball if i recall-floyd played bama night b4 RT @phishcrit: 5/2/94: Ha, this show seriously *opens* with Great Gig in the Sky? OK!

5/2/94: I think Disease is the first Hoist song to really blend in with the live catalog, even though Sample & Axilla had a head start.

5/2/94: Kind of a shapeless It’s Ice breakdown, willfully unsynchronized. They haven’t really found a path out since 4/8’s great version.

5/2/94: It’s Ice > Glide always a satisfying thematic pairing, especially when listened to during a snowstorm.

RT @nolasox3: @phishcrit re: the venue, it was truly a club holding ~1000 with the (small) stage a few feet off the floor. low ceiling. intimate+crowded.

5/2/94: I talked a lot about the venue size yo-yo in summer 93, but spring 94 is pretty crazy too. Basketball arenas in April, clubs in May.

5/2/94: More Pink Floyd references, this time via “Money” tease in Suzy. The keyword for this show so far is “nimble.”

5/2/94: Unusual set construction resumes with late-set Foam and Sample closer. Kind of a limp note to end on after a blistering set.

5/2/94: Back to normal setlist construction with a Jim set II opener. Unusually growly tone from Trey carries over into Mound.

5/2/94: Reba played extra-fast, with some gratuitous and not particularly family-friendly vocalization in the “bag it, tag it” segment.

5/2/94: Ha, after the high-speed composed part of Reba, Fish sets a reaaaally slow tempo at the start of the jam, just for a few bars.

5/2/94: Page’s Rhodes clanging loudly in the mix for this Reba jam while Trey emotes wildly. A Reba with an agenda.

5/2/94: Mid-set Golgi after that feisty Reba means the scales are tipped way in favor of energy over experimentalism in this show.

5/2/94: That was a v. pleasant Lizards, however, and the set’s rocket fuel helped Julius sound full-bodied sans horns for the first time.

5/2/94: Oteil Burbridge from ARU is tonight’s Trey sub on the tramps for Mike’s. Was ARU just always in the same city as Phish in ’94?

5/2/94: Mike’s has turned into a three-way bass jam (Stacy Starkweather is there too), which is for bass connoisseurs only.

5/2/94: Getting real 5/5/93 vibes from this Mike’s w/ guests, aka a free-form superjam that was probably way more fun to see than hear.

5/2/94: Although @phishnet tells me Fish is playing organ, which explains why it sounds like a scared cat is jumping on it.

5/2/94: Cavern with Stairway interstitials ends the show without closing out the Mike’s Groove. Fitting bookend to the weird start.

5/2/94 Final: Another one on this Southern swing that is light on improv but charismatically manic. Building up kinetic energy for 5/7?